# Fusor Chatbot

## Overview
The Fusor Chatbot is designed to facilitate access to information about Farnsworth fusion reactors. It taps into a database of content from [fusor.net](fusor.net), enabling users to ask questions and receive informative responses. The chatbot utilizes Pinecone's vector database for information retrieval and OpenAI's GPT-4-turbo for generating responses, to provide accurate and relevant answers. This tool is useful for hobbyists, or anyone interested in the domain of fusors, offering a streamlined way to navigate through a wealth of data.

## Features
- **Targeted Information Retrieval**: Leverages Pinecone's vector database for extracting information from a specialized dataset comprised of discussions and posts related to Farnsworth fusion reactors.
- **Natural Language Processing**: Utilizes OpenAI's GPT-4-turbo to generate responses that are contextually appropriate, enhancing the user's understanding of the topic.
- **Streamlit-Based Interface**: A straightforward and interactive interface built with Streamlit, simplifying the user interaction process and making the retrieval of complex information more accessible.

## Installation & Setup
### Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- Poetry for dependency management

### Installation Steps
1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/fusor-chatbot.git
   cd fusor-chatbot

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   poetry install

3. **Set up environment variables:**
  Create a .env file in the root directory and add the following variables:
   ```.env
     OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
     PINECONE_API_KEY=your_pinecone_api_key
     DB_NAME=your_database_name
     DB_USER=your_database_user
     DB_PASSWORD=your_database_password
     DB_HOST=your_database_host

4. **Run the application:**
   ```bash
     poetry run streamlit run app.py

## Usage
After starting the application, navigate to the local URL provided by Streamlit (`http://localhost:8501`). Enter your question in the input field and receive a response generated by the chatbot.

## Contributing 
Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions or improvements, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License
[MIT License](https://github.com/Olivia-li/fusor-scraper/tree/master?tab=MIT-1-ov-file#MIT-1-ov-file)
